Netizens will sit here first.
Then take a break first. Just go and ask the President to arrange work for you later.
good. good.
I am willing to prove my power. I found a job.
Really. My wife is awesome.
Nope. You are your helper,
Don't be important.
Is your new job going well?
fine.
What about you, what are you doing?
Me. I'm asking for hygiene.
Thank you for your hard work.
I'm off work then. This is your big meal.
These information
within half an hour
Twenty minutes to return to camp
Many grow well
That needs to provide these information
It's up to you to be close to the standard and assistant
what are you
What's going on
Then why did the trial camp be placed with Xu Yun?